README.md, before:

# AMD Module Loader

[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/liferay/liferay-amd-loader.svg)](https://travis-ci.org/liferay/liferay-amd-loader)

This repository holds the AMD Loader packed with Liferay DXP.

Note that, though it may be used outside of Liferay, it's very unprobable that
it can be useful without the extensive support it gets from the server (for
module resolution and load).

## Setup

1. Clone this repository
2. Install NodeJS >= [v6.11.0](http://nodejs.org/dist/v6.11.0/), if you don't have it yet
3. Run `yarn` to install dependencies
4. Run `yarn build` to build it
5. Run `yarn test` to run tests

This will build the loader in 'build/loader' directory. There will be three versions:

- loader.js: release version
- loader-min.js: minified release version
- loader-debug.js: debug version

## How to run the demo?

The default configuration and the demo require a combo loader that is automatically started and listens to port 3000.

1. Run demo script with `yarn demo`
2. Open a browser and load [http://localhost:8080](http://localhost:8080)
3. Open the browser console and look for the messages

Commit message:

docs: add redirect notice to liferay-frontend-projects monorepo
Seeing as we'll be moving the package to the `@liferay` named scope real
soon now, I'm mentioning that in the message too.

README.md, after:


> :warning: [The `liferay-amd-loader` package](https://npmjs.com/package/liferay-amd-loader) will be deprecated and this repo archived (ie. switched to read-only mode). Development will continue in [the `@liferay/amd-loader` package](https://npmjs.com/package/@liferay/amd-loader) and [in `liferay/liferay-frontend-projects` monorepo](https://github.com/liferay/liferay-frontend-projects/tree/master/projects/amd-loader).

---

# AMD Module Loader

This repository holds the AMD Loader packed with Liferay DXP.

Note that, though it may be used outside of Liferay, it's very unprobable that
it can be useful without the extensive support it gets from the server (for
module resolution and load).

## Setup

1. Clone this repository
2. Install NodeJS >= [v6.11.0](http://nodejs.org/dist/v6.11.0/), if you don't have it yet
3. Run `yarn` to install dependencies
4. Run `yarn build` to build it
5. Run `yarn test` to run tests

This will build the loader in 'build/loader' directory. There will be three versions:

- loader.js: release version
- loader-min.js: minified release version
- loader-debug.js: debug version

## How to run the demo?

The default configuration and the demo require a combo loader that is automatically started and listens to port 3000.

1. Run demo script with `yarn demo`
2. Open a browser and load [http://localhost:8080](http://localhost:8080)
3. Open the browser console and look for the messages
